feat: plugin config write guide (#2444)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/extensions/plugins.md

├── erlang_ls.config
├── get-rebar3
├── priv
│   ├── config.hocon
│   ├── config_i18n.json.example

> │   └── config_schmea.avsc.example

Reviewer: typo: schema

This created a new EMQX plugin tarball  `my_emqx_plugin-1.0.0.tar.gz` that you can now upload and install to your running EMQX cluster.

> #### Write Config Schema for the plugin (Optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Write Config Schema for the plugin (Optional)

{% emqxce %}
:::tip
EMQX Enterprise Edition features. EMQX Enterprise Edition provides comprehensive coverage of key business scenarios, rich data integration, product-level reliability, and 24/7 global technical support. Experience the benefits of this [enterprise-ready MQTT messaging platform](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=enterprise) today.
:::
{% endemqxce %}
```

This created a new EMQX plugin tarball  `my_emqx_plugin-1.0.0.tar.gz` that you can now upload and install to your running EMQX cluster.

#### Write Config Schema for the plugin (Optional)

{% emqxce %}
:::tip
EMQX Enterprise Edition features. EMQX Enterprise Edition provides comprehensive coverage of key business scenarios, rich data integration, product-level reliability, and 24/7 global technical support. Experience the benefits of this [enterprise-ready MQTT messaging platform](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=enterprise) today.
:::
{% endemqxce %}

{% emqxce %}
::: tip Tip
EMQX Enterprise Edition features. EMQX Enterprise Edition provides comprehensive coverage of key business scenarios, rich data integration, product-level reliability, and 24/7 global technical support. Experience the benefits of this [enterprise-ready MQTT messaging platform](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=enterprise) today.
:::

> {% endemqxce %}

Reviewer 3: this part is repeated.

> We introduced Avro Schema for plugins in EMQX Enterprise Edition 5.7.0 to provide the ability to update plugin configurations at runtime.
> Furthermore, you can declare UI in this schema, allowing the EMQX Dashboard to render configuration forms for ease of use.

Reviewer 3: The initial load of the plugin config seems to be missed in the feature implementation ?

```suggestion
Starting with version 5.7, the EMQX plugin framework pre-loads JSON or HOCON format configuration file for each plugin before startup and validates them against an optional schema, if provided. The configuration schema should be described using an Avro schema, located in the file priv/plugin_name.avsc. Additionally, configurations can be updated at runtime by utilizing the management API with the request PUT /plugins/:name/config.

For the EMQX Enterprise edition, users have the option to include $ui metadata within the Avro schema objects. This metadata aids in generating a configuration management page on the dashboard, enhancing user interaction and ease of management.
```

::: tip **Tip**

> You can find two example files in the project directory: `priv/config_schmea.avsc.example`, `priv/config_i18n.json.example`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can find two example files in the [template project](https://github.com/emqx/emqx-plugin-template) directory: `priv/config_schmea.avsc.example`, `priv/config_i18n.json.example`.
```

===> [emqx_plugrel] creating _build/default/emqx_plugrel/my_emqx_plugin-1.0.0.tar.gz
```

This generates a new tarball, `my_emqx_plugin-1.0.0.tar.gz`, which you can upload and deploy to your EMQX cluster.

#### Write Configuration Schema for the Plugin (Optional)

{% emqxce %}
::: tip

EMQX Enterprise Edition features. EMQX Enterprise Edition provides comprehensive coverage of key business scenarios, rich data integration, product-level reliability, and 24/7 global technical support. Experience the benefits of this [enterprise-ready MQTT messaging platform](https://www.emqx.com/en/try?product=enterprise) today.

:::
{% endemqxce %}

> EMQX Enterprise version 5.7.0 introduced Avro Schema for plugins, enhancing the ability to update plugin configurations dynamically during runtime. This feature also allows for the declaration of a user interface in the schema, enabling the EMQX Dashboard to dynamically generate configuration forms for easier management.

Reviewer 3: Avro schema is available for opensource edition, the UI for configuration management is provided in Enterprise only.

```suggestion
EMQX version 5.7.0 introduced REST API for plugin configuration management and Avro Schema for configuration validation, enhancing the ability to update plugin configurations dynamically during runtime.
For Enterprise edition, it also allows the declaration of a user interface in the schema, enabling the EMQX Dashboard to dynamically generate configuration forms for easier management.
```
